we should head back to the wall to the
dead frighten you know about lies I saw
I saw I saw White Walkers
it's a freak it's a direwolf there are
five pups one for each of the stark
children what about you I'm not a stark
run to the litter that one's yours snow
told me there was a raven from King's
Landing Jon Arryn is dead
The Raven brought more news the King
rides for Winterfell he's coming this
far north then the one thing he's after
Lord Eddard Stark I would name you the
hand of the king I'm not worthy of the
honor if your sister had lived would
have been bound by blood well it's not
too late I have a son you have a
daughter will join our houses may I
present my honored guests this series of
House Targaryen the third of his name
and his sister Daenerys of House
Targaryen Khal Drogo has never been
defeated with a savage of course he is
one of the finest killers alive I know
how to play a man like Drogo I give him
a queen and he gives me an army
dragons eggs Daenerys from the shadow
lands beyond - I the ages have turned
them to stone but they will always be
beautiful a rider in the night premiere
sister she says Jon Arryn was murdered
by the Lannisters she says the king is
in danger
stop the things I do for love I have
something for you be careful you don't
cut yourself I wish I could be here when
you wake up
I'm going north with Uncle Benjen I'm
taking the black welcome
Daenerys Targaryen has we'd some
Dothraki horselord what of it do we send
her a wedding gift knife perhaps a good
sharp one you're not supposed to be here
it's dead already
No
I don't think bran fell from that Tower
I think he was thrown someone tried to
kill him twice
why did you notice the dagger the killer
used it still finer weapon
Lord stark must be told of this I don't
trust a raven to carry these words I
will go myself one day you can I must
country Ned see to it that your daughter
is disciplined I'll do the same with my
son gladly your grace and what of the
direwolf what of the Beast that savaged
your son
[Music]
my brother instructs us to stage a
tournament in honor of Lord Starks
appointment as hand of the king whose
sword is that mine if you got on so on a
sword you better know how to use it it's
true isn't it what maester Luwin says
about my legs
Valyrian steel do you know whose dagger
this is I must admit I do not I lost
this dagger to whom Tyrion Lannister the
IMP
who everybody knew what this place was
and no one told me no one but you my
father knew when was last time you bleed
Khaleesi
you change Khaleesi the Khaleesi have
baby inside her I'm sorry to see you
leave Lannister take care now
I will my lord who are you your dancing
master Syrio Forel this is the Bravo's
dance the water dance it is Swift and
sudden
no Jon often came to me for counsel why
you came inquiring after a book a book a
book the niches and history of the Great
Houses of the Seven Kingdoms with
descriptions of many High Lords and
Noble ladies and their children John's
death such a tragedy did he say anything
to you in his final hours the seed is
strong I think it was the seed is strong
I have my observers as I said and it's
possible that they saw Lord Arryn visit
this armorer several times in the weeks
before his death and Lord Arryn came to
visit you what would you talk about just
ask me questions is all my lord your
mother she died when I was little sure
y'all over here look at me
find anything King Robert's bastard
sooner I am a Khaleesi of the Dothraki I
am the wife of the great Khal and I
carry his son inside me the next time
you raise a hand to me will be the last
time you have hands lady Stark
what an unexpected pleasure I was sorry
to miss you at Winterfell this man came
into my house as a guest and there
conspired to murder my son in the name
of King Robert and the good Lords you
serve I call upon you to seize him too I
await the King's justice I had nothing
to do with the attempt on your son's
life medaka found a lot of imbecile arms
an assassin with his own blade what sort
of doom does the King face the same sort
as Jon Arryn
he was hand for 17 years 17 good years
why kill him he started asking questions
it's about your wife my lord
she's taken the IMP the [ __ ] is
pregnant you're speaking of murdering a
child I want them dead mother and child
both and that fool Viserys as well is
that plain enough for you based on whose
information sir Jorah Mormont he is
serving as advisor to the Targaryens she
dies I will have no part in it
you wrote me about the Lannisters
warning me to stay away from them not to
bring one here sir Vardis my sister's
guest is weary take him down below so he
can rest you got sleep dwarf man I don't
want no jewels or nothing
just him the king was always good to me
she has his nose his black hair when Jon
Arryn came to visit you what did he want
he just wanted to know if the child was
happy happy what do you know of King
Robert's bastards well he has more than
you I'm looking for my brother you
remember my brother don't you Lord Stark
he was taken at my command to answer for
his crimes you kill me your brother's a
dead man
you're right take him alive my brother
little stark what aback